I think I had a pretty good childhood. Um, my parents were good people.
My dad was a clinical psychologist. He worked a lot. He was He really
loved his work. Um, so he was kind of doing that most of my early
childhood. And then, um when we when my mom and my brother and I moved
to Hawaii, that was that was a little traumatic. We didn't know
anybody there. I mean, she had some people there from when she had
lived there as a child. Um, but her parents, my grand parents who didn't
know very well because they lived in Hawaii way didn't see them
that often, but they had both died, Um, and so she had, like, old friends
of families, But that was about it. So none of us really knew
anybody. So it was kind of like starting over again. And I had to go
to a new school. Um, but, you know, I got over it. I made friends,
and then I grew up in Hawaii, and it's funny, because people sometimes
when they hear that they're like, Oh, my gosh, you grew up in Hawaii.
It was really wasted on me. as a kid. It was just kind of like,
This is the place I grew up. Eso it had good things and bad things.
You know, we spent a lot of time at the beach. We spent a lot of time
outdoors. Um, but it was also, for me, a little confining. So, for
instance, when I finished high school, my Onley objective at that
point was to leave Hawaii and go someplace else. Um, my brother, on
the other hand, loves it. And he would actually live there right now
if he could. But it's really, really expensive to live there, so it's
not really practical. Um, so I think All in all, I had a good childhood.
I had good friends and close family and, you know, some some
minor bumps in the road, but nothing, nothing too bad.